#  Coordination of Autonomous Multi-Robots System through Computer Vision.
Proposed Master's Thesis - Graduate Program in Informatics, Universidade Tecnológica Federal do Paraná. Cornélio Procópio-PR, 2021.

The demand for mobile robotics applications has grown considerably in recent years, especially due to the advent of industry 4.0, in which one of the pillars is autonomous robotics, the subject of this research. In this context, regardless of nature or purpose, autonomous mobile robots must interact with the world to achieve their goals. The problem of navigation in the context of mobile robots can be considered one of the biggest challenges related to the field of robotics, in particular, the location of mobile robots in closed environments encounters several problems ranging from the error accumulated by the sensors installed in the robot to the fact of the constant changes that can occur in such environments. The use of computer vision as a navigation tool in robotics represents an interesting alternative for controlling the movement of a mobile robot. Particularly in relation to the possibility of estimating its position and direction of movement in static and dynamic environments (real applications). Therefore, this master's research proposes the development of a control center to assist navigation and location of mobile robots in closed environments using the global view technique, some difficulties inherent to the application of this technique, such as intensity and reflection of light, for example. In addition to computer vision, wireless communication (WiFi) between the exchange and the robots has been investigated to date. And finally, some experiments were carried out, mainly in relation to the communication between the central and the mobile robot, using TCP / IP and WiFi network. The results obtained in the initial steps of the project's development were promising.

